C:\Users\Kamil\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Cam3D\CamMain\obj\Debug\CamMain.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Kamil\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Cam3D\CamMain\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
C:\Users\Kamil\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Cam3D\CamMain\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\Kamil\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Cam3D\CamMain\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\Kamil\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Cam3D\CamMain\obj\Debug\CamMain_MarkupCompile.cache
C:\Users\Kamil\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Cam3D\CamMain\obj\Debug\CamMain.g.resources
C:\Users\Kamil\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Cam3D\CamMain\obj\Debug\CamMain.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\Kamil\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Cam3D\CamMain\obj\Debug\CamMain.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\Kamil\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Cam3D\CamMain\bin\Debug\CamMain.exe.config
C:\Users\Kamil\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Cam3D\CamMain\bin\Debug\CamMain.exe
C:\Users\Kamil\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Cam3D\CamMain\bin\Debug\CamMain.pdb
C:\Users\Kamil\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Cam3D\CamMain\bin\Debug\CamControls.dll
C:\Users\Kamil\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Cam3D\CamMain\bin\Debug\CamCore.dll
C:\Users\Kamil\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Cam3D\CamMain\bin\Debug\MathNet.Numerics.dll
C:\Users\Kamil\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Cam3D\CamMain\bin\Debug\CamControls.pdb
C:\Users\Kamil\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Cam3D\CamMain\bin\Debug\CamCore.pdb
C:\Users\Kamil\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Cam3D\CamMain\bin\Debug\MathNet.Numerics.xml
C:\Users\Kamil\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Cam3D\CamMain\obj\Debug\CamMain.exe
C:\Users\Kamil\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Cam3D\CamMain\obj\Debug\CamMain.pdb
C:\Users\Kamil\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Cam3D\CamMain\bin\Debug\WriteableBitmapEx.Wpf.dll
C:\Users\Kamil\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Cam3D\CamMain\bin\Debug\WriteableBitmapEx.Wpf.pdb
C:\Users\Kamil\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Cam3D\CamMain\bin\Debug\WriteableBitmapEx.Wpf.xml
C:\Users\Kamil\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Cam3D\CamMain\obj\Debug\CalibrationResults.g.cs
C:\Users\Kamil\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Cam3D\CamMain\obj\Debug\CamMain_MarkupCompile.lref
C:\Users\Kamil\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Cam3D\CamMain\obj\Debug\CalibrationResults.baml
C:\Users\Kamil\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Cam3D\CamMain\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
C:\Users\Kamil\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Cam3D\CamMain\obj\Debug\App.baml
d:\copy_c\docs\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Cam3D\CamMain\bin\Debug\CamMain.exe.config
d:\copy_c\docs\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Cam3D\CamMain\obj\Debug\CamMain.exe
d:\copy_c\docs\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Cam3D\CamMain\obj\Debug\CamMain.pdb
d:\copy_c\docs\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Cam3D\CamMain\bin\Debug\CamMain.exe
d:\copy_c\docs\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Cam3D\CamMain\bin\Debug\CamMain.pdb
d:\copy_c\docs\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Cam3D\CamMain\bin\Debug\CamControls.dll
d:\copy_c\docs\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Cam3D\CamMain\bin\Debug\CamCore.dll
d:\copy_c\docs\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Cam3D\CamMain\bin\Debug\MathNet.Numerics.dll
d:\copy_c\docs\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Cam3D\CamMain\bin\Debug\WriteableBitmapEx.Wpf.dll
d:\copy_c\docs\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Cam3D\CamMain\bin\Debug\CamControls.pdb
d:\copy_c\docs\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Cam3D\CamMain\bin\Debug\CamCore.pdb
d:\copy_c\docs\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Cam3D\CamMain\bin\Debug\MathNet.Numerics.xml
d:\copy_c\docs\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Cam3D\CamMain\bin\Debug\WriteableBitmapEx.Wpf.pdb
d:\copy_c\docs\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Cam3D\CamMain\bin\Debug\WriteableBitmapEx.Wpf.xml
d:\copy_c\docs\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Cam3D\CamMain\obj\Debug\CamMain.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
d:\copy_c\docs\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Cam3D\CamMain\obj\Debug\App.baml
d:\copy_c\docs\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Cam3D\CamMain\obj\Debug\CalibrationResults.g.cs
d:\copy_c\docs\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Cam3D\CamMain\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
d:\copy_c\docs\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Cam3D\CamMain\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
d:\copy_c\docs\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Cam3D\CamMain\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
d:\copy_c\docs\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Cam3D\CamMain\obj\Debug\CamMain_MarkupCompile.cache
d:\copy_c\docs\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Cam3D\CamMain\obj\Debug\CamMain_MarkupCompile.lref
d:\copy_c\docs\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Cam3D\CamMain\obj\Debug\CalibrationResults.baml
d:\copy_c\docs\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Cam3D\CamMain\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
d:\copy_c\docs\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Cam3D\CamMain\obj\Debug\CamMain.g.resources
d:\copy_c\docs\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Cam3D\CamMain\obj\Debug\CamMain.Properties.Resources.resources
d:\copy_c\docs\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Cam3D\CamMain\obj\Debug\CamMain.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
