C:\Users\Kamil\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Cam3D\CamCore\bin\Debug\CamCore.dll
C:\Users\Kamil\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Cam3D\CamCore\bin\Debug\CamCore.pdb
C:\Users\Kamil\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Cam3D\CamCore\bin\Debug\WriteableBitmapEx.Wpf.pdb
C:\Users\Kamil\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Cam3D\CamCore\bin\Debug\WriteableBitmapEx.Wpf.xml
C:\Users\Kamil\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Cam3D\CamCore\obj\Debug\CamCore.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\Kamil\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Cam3D\CamCore\obj\Debug\CamCore.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\Kamil\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Cam3D\CamCore\obj\Debug\CamCore.dll
C:\Users\Kamil\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Cam3D\CamCore\obj\Debug\CamCore.pdb
C:\Users\Kamil\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Cam3D\CamCore\bin\Debug\MathNet.Numerics.dll
C:\Users\Kamil\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Cam3D\CamCore\bin\Debug\WriteableBitmapEx.Wpf.dll
C:\Users\Kamil\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Cam3D\CamCore\bin\Debug\MathNet.Numerics.xml
C:\Users\Kamil\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Cam3D\CamCore\obj\Debug\CamCore.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
d:\copy_c\docs\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Cam3D\CamCore\bin\Debug\CamCore.dll
d:\copy_c\docs\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Cam3D\CamCore\bin\Debug\CamCore.pdb
d:\copy_c\docs\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Cam3D\CamCore\bin\Debug\MathNet.Numerics.dll
d:\copy_c\docs\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Cam3D\CamCore\bin\Debug\WriteableBitmapEx.Wpf.dll
d:\copy_c\docs\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Cam3D\CamCore\bin\Debug\MathNet.Numerics.xml
d:\copy_c\docs\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Cam3D\CamCore\bin\Debug\WriteableBitmapEx.Wpf.pdb
d:\copy_c\docs\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Cam3D\CamCore\bin\Debug\WriteableBitmapEx.Wpf.xml
d:\copy_c\docs\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Cam3D\CamCore\obj\Debug\CamCore.Properties.Resources.resources
d:\copy_c\docs\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Cam3D\CamCore\obj\Debug\CamCore.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
d:\copy_c\docs\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Cam3D\CamCore\obj\Debug\CamCore.dll
d:\copy_c\docs\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Cam3D\CamCore\obj\Debug\CamCore.pdb
D:\copy_c\docs\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Cam3D\CamCore\obj\Debug\CamCore.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
