C:\Users\Kamil\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Cam3D\CalibrationModule\obj\Debug\CalibrationModule.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Kamil\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Cam3D\CalibrationModule\obj\Debug\ChooseRealGridPointDialog.baml
C:\Users\Kamil\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Cam3D\CalibrationModule\obj\Debug\CalibModeCamTab.g.cs
C:\Users\Kamil\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Cam3D\CalibrationModule\obj\Debug\CalibrationModeTabs.g.cs
C:\Users\Kamil\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Cam3D\CalibrationModule\obj\Debug\CalibrationPointsManagerWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\Kamil\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Cam3D\CalibrationModule\obj\Debug\ChooseRealGridPointDialog.g.cs
C:\Users\Kamil\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Cam3D\CalibrationModule\obj\Debug\RealGridsManagerWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\Kamil\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Cam3D\CalibrationModule\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
C:\Users\Kamil\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Cam3D\CalibrationModule\obj\Debug\CalibrationModule_MarkupCompile.cache
C:\Users\Kamil\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Cam3D\CalibrationModule\obj\Debug\CalibrationModule_MarkupCompile.lref
C:\Users\Kamil\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Cam3D\CalibrationModule\obj\Debug\CalibrationPointsManagerWindow.baml
C:\Users\Kamil\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Cam3D\CalibrationModule\bin\Debug\CalibrationModule.dll
C:\Users\Kamil\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Cam3D\CalibrationModule\bin\Debug\CalibrationModule.pdb
C:\Users\Kamil\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Cam3D\CalibrationModule\bin\Debug\CamControls.dll
C:\Users\Kamil\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Cam3D\CalibrationModule\bin\Debug\CamCore.dll
C:\Users\Kamil\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Cam3D\CalibrationModule\bin\Debug\CamControls.pdb
C:\Users\Kamil\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Cam3D\CalibrationModule\bin\Debug\CamCore.pdb
C:\Users\Kamil\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Cam3D\CalibrationModule\obj\Debug\CalibModeCamTab.baml
C:\Users\Kamil\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Cam3D\CalibrationModule\obj\Debug\CalibrationModeTabs.baml
C:\Users\Kamil\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Cam3D\CalibrationModule\obj\Debug\RealGridsManagerWindow.baml
C:\Users\Kamil\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Cam3D\CalibrationModule\obj\Debug\CalibrationModule.g.resources
C:\Users\Kamil\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Cam3D\CalibrationModule\obj\Debug\CalibrationModule.dll
C:\Users\Kamil\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Cam3D\CalibrationModule\obj\Debug\CalibrationModule.pdb
C:\Users\Kamil\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Cam3D\CalibrationModule\bin\Debug\MathNet.Numerics.dll
C:\Users\Kamil\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Cam3D\CalibrationModule\bin\Debug\WriteableBitmapEx.Wpf.dll
C:\Users\Kamil\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Cam3D\CalibrationModule\bin\Debug\WriteableBitmapEx.Wpf.pdb
C:\Users\Kamil\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Cam3D\CalibrationModule\bin\Debug\WriteableBitmapEx.Wpf.xml
C:\Users\Kamil\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Cam3D\CalibrationModule\bin\Debug\MathNet.Numerics.xml
C:\Users\Kamil\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Cam3D\CalibrationModule\bin\Debug\CamImageProcessing.dll
C:\Users\Kamil\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Cam3D\CalibrationModule\bin\Debug\CamImageProcessing.pdb
d:\copy_c\docs\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Cam3D\CalibrationModule\obj\Debug\CalibrationModule.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
d:\copy_c\docs\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Cam3D\CalibrationModule\obj\Debug\CalibrationPointsManagerWindow.baml
d:\copy_c\docs\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Cam3D\CalibrationModule\obj\Debug\ChooseRealGridPointDialog.baml
d:\copy_c\docs\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Cam3D\CalibrationModule\obj\Debug\CalibModeCamTab.g.cs
d:\copy_c\docs\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Cam3D\CalibrationModule\obj\Debug\CalibrationModeTabs.g.cs
d:\copy_c\docs\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Cam3D\CalibrationModule\obj\Debug\CalibrationPointsManagerWindow.g.cs
d:\copy_c\docs\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Cam3D\CalibrationModule\obj\Debug\ChooseRealGridPointDialog.g.cs
d:\copy_c\docs\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Cam3D\CalibrationModule\obj\Debug\RealGridsManagerWindow.g.cs
d:\copy_c\docs\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Cam3D\CalibrationModule\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
d:\copy_c\docs\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Cam3D\CalibrationModule\obj\Debug\CalibrationModule_MarkupCompile.cache
d:\copy_c\docs\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Cam3D\CalibrationModule\obj\Debug\CalibrationModule_MarkupCompile.lref
d:\copy_c\docs\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Cam3D\CalibrationModule\obj\Debug\CalibrationModule.dll
d:\copy_c\docs\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Cam3D\CalibrationModule\obj\Debug\CalibrationModule.pdb
d:\copy_c\docs\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Cam3D\CalibrationModule\bin\Debug\CalibrationModule.dll
d:\copy_c\docs\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Cam3D\CalibrationModule\bin\Debug\CalibrationModule.pdb
d:\copy_c\docs\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Cam3D\CalibrationModule\bin\Debug\CamControls.dll
d:\copy_c\docs\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Cam3D\CalibrationModule\bin\Debug\CamCore.dll
d:\copy_c\docs\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Cam3D\CalibrationModule\bin\Debug\CamImageProcessing.dll
d:\copy_c\docs\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Cam3D\CalibrationModule\bin\Debug\MathNet.Numerics.dll
d:\copy_c\docs\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Cam3D\CalibrationModule\bin\Debug\CamControls.pdb
d:\copy_c\docs\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Cam3D\CalibrationModule\bin\Debug\CamCore.pdb
d:\copy_c\docs\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Cam3D\CalibrationModule\bin\Debug\CamImageProcessing.pdb
d:\copy_c\docs\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Cam3D\CalibrationModule\bin\Debug\MathNet.Numerics.xml
d:\copy_c\docs\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Cam3D\CalibrationModule\obj\Debug\CalibModeCamTab.baml
d:\copy_c\docs\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Cam3D\CalibrationModule\obj\Debug\CalibrationModeTabs.baml
d:\copy_c\docs\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Cam3D\CalibrationModule\obj\Debug\RealGridsManagerWindow.baml
d:\copy_c\docs\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Cam3D\CalibrationModule\obj\Debug\CalibrationModule.g.resources
D:\copy_c\docs\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Cam3D\CalibrationModule\bin\Debug\WriteableBitmapEx.Wpf.dll
D:\copy_c\docs\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Cam3D\CalibrationModule\bin\Debug\WriteableBitmapEx.Wpf.pdb
D:\copy_c\docs\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Cam3D\CalibrationModule\bin\Debug\WriteableBitmapEx.Wpf.xml
