C:\Users\Kamil\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Cam3D\CamControls\obj\Debug\CamControls.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Kamil\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Cam3D\CamControls\obj\Debug\MatrixControl.baml
C:\Users\Kamil\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Cam3D\CamControls\obj\Debug\ZoomingScrollControl.baml
C:\Users\Kamil\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Cam3D\CamControls\obj\Debug\MatrixControl.g.cs
C:\Users\Kamil\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Cam3D\CamControls\obj\Debug\PointImage.g.cs
C:\Users\Kamil\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Cam3D\CamControls\obj\Debug\ZoomingScrollControl.g.cs
C:\Users\Kamil\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Cam3D\CamControls\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
C:\Users\Kamil\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Cam3D\CamControls\obj\Debug\CamControls_MarkupCompile.cache
C:\Users\Kamil\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Cam3D\CamControls\obj\Debug\CamControls_MarkupCompile.lref
C:\Users\Kamil\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Cam3D\CamControls\bin\Debug\CamControls.dll
C:\Users\Kamil\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Cam3D\CamControls\bin\Debug\CamControls.pdb
C:\Users\Kamil\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Cam3D\CamControls\bin\Debug\CamCore.dll
C:\Users\Kamil\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Cam3D\CamControls\bin\Debug\MathNet.Numerics.dll
C:\Users\Kamil\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Cam3D\CamControls\bin\Debug\CamCore.pdb
C:\Users\Kamil\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Cam3D\CamControls\bin\Debug\MathNet.Numerics.xml
C:\Users\Kamil\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Cam3D\CamControls\obj\Debug\PointImage.baml
C:\Users\Kamil\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Cam3D\CamControls\obj\Debug\CamControls.g.resources
C:\Users\Kamil\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Cam3D\CamControls\obj\Debug\CamControls.dll
C:\Users\Kamil\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Cam3D\CamControls\obj\Debug\CamControls.pdb
C:\Users\Kamil\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Cam3D\CamControls\bin\Debug\WriteableBitmapEx.Wpf.dll
C:\Users\Kamil\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Cam3D\CamControls\bin\Debug\WriteableBitmapEx.Wpf.pdb
C:\Users\Kamil\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Cam3D\CamControls\bin\Debug\WriteableBitmapEx.Wpf.xml
C:\Users\Kamil\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Cam3D\CamControls\bin\Debug\DirectShowLib-2005.dll
C:\Users\Kamil\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Cam3D\CamControls\obj\Debug\ColorPicker.g.cs
C:\Users\Kamil\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Cam3D\CamControls\obj\Debug\ColorPicker.baml
d:\copy_c\docs\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Cam3D\CamControls\bin\Debug\CamControls.dll
d:\copy_c\docs\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Cam3D\CamControls\bin\Debug\CamControls.pdb
d:\copy_c\docs\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Cam3D\CamControls\bin\Debug\CamCore.dll
d:\copy_c\docs\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Cam3D\CamControls\bin\Debug\DirectShowLib-2005.dll
d:\copy_c\docs\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Cam3D\CamControls\bin\Debug\MathNet.Numerics.dll
d:\copy_c\docs\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Cam3D\CamControls\bin\Debug\WriteableBitmapEx.Wpf.dll
d:\copy_c\docs\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Cam3D\CamControls\bin\Debug\CamCore.pdb
d:\copy_c\docs\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Cam3D\CamControls\bin\Debug\MathNet.Numerics.xml
d:\copy_c\docs\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Cam3D\CamControls\bin\Debug\WriteableBitmapEx.Wpf.pdb
d:\copy_c\docs\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Cam3D\CamControls\bin\Debug\WriteableBitmapEx.Wpf.xml
d:\copy_c\docs\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Cam3D\CamControls\obj\Debug\CamControls.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
d:\copy_c\docs\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Cam3D\CamControls\obj\Debug\MatrixControl.baml
d:\copy_c\docs\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Cam3D\CamControls\obj\Debug\ZoomingScrollControl.baml
d:\copy_c\docs\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Cam3D\CamControls\obj\Debug\MatrixControl.g.cs
d:\copy_c\docs\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Cam3D\CamControls\obj\Debug\PointImage.g.cs
d:\copy_c\docs\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Cam3D\CamControls\obj\Debug\ColorPicker.g.cs
d:\copy_c\docs\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Cam3D\CamControls\obj\Debug\ZoomingScrollControl.g.cs
d:\copy_c\docs\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Cam3D\CamControls\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
d:\copy_c\docs\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Cam3D\CamControls\obj\Debug\CamControls_MarkupCompile.cache
d:\copy_c\docs\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Cam3D\CamControls\obj\Debug\CamControls_MarkupCompile.lref
d:\copy_c\docs\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Cam3D\CamControls\obj\Debug\PointImage.baml
d:\copy_c\docs\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Cam3D\CamControls\obj\Debug\ColorPicker.baml
d:\copy_c\docs\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Cam3D\CamControls\obj\Debug\CamControls.g.resources
d:\copy_c\docs\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Cam3D\CamControls\obj\Debug\CamControls.dll
d:\copy_c\docs\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Cam3D\CamControls\obj\Debug\CamControls.pdb
D:\copy_c\docs\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Cam3D\CamControls\obj\Debug\ParametersSelectionPanel.g.cs
D:\copy_c\docs\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Cam3D\CamControls\obj\Debug\ParametersSelectionPanel.baml
D:\copy_c\docs\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Cam3D\CamControls\obj\Debug\ParametrizedProcessorsSelectionWindow.g.cs
D:\copy_c\docs\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Cam3D\CamControls\obj\Debug\ParametrizedProcessorsSelectionWindow.baml
D:\copy_c\docs\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Cam3D\CamControls\obj\Debug\ParametersSelectionWindow.g.cs
D:\copy_c\docs\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Cam3D\CamControls\obj\Debug\ParametersSelectionWindow.baml
D:\copy_c\docs\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Cam3D\CamControls\obj\Debug\AlgorithmWindow.g.cs
D:\copy_c\docs\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Cam3D\CamControls\obj\Debug\AlgorithmWindow.baml
