C:\Users\Kamil\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Cam3D\CamCapture\obj\Debug\CamCapture.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Kamil\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Cam3D\CamCapture\bin\Debug\CamCapture.dll
C:\Users\Kamil\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Cam3D\CamCapture\bin\Debug\CamCapture.pdb
C:\Users\Kamil\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Cam3D\CamCapture\bin\Debug\CamControls.dll
C:\Users\Kamil\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Cam3D\CamCapture\bin\Debug\CamCore.dll
C:\Users\Kamil\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Cam3D\CamCapture\bin\Debug\CamImageProcessing.dll
C:\Users\Kamil\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Cam3D\CamCapture\bin\Debug\DirectShowLib-2005.dll
C:\Users\Kamil\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Cam3D\CamCapture\bin\Debug\MathNet.Numerics.dll
C:\Users\Kamil\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Cam3D\CamCapture\bin\Debug\WriteableBitmapEx.Wpf.dll
C:\Users\Kamil\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Cam3D\CamCapture\bin\Debug\CamControls.pdb
C:\Users\Kamil\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Cam3D\CamCapture\bin\Debug\CamCore.pdb
C:\Users\Kamil\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Cam3D\CamCapture\bin\Debug\CamImageProcessing.pdb
C:\Users\Kamil\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Cam3D\CamCapture\bin\Debug\MathNet.Numerics.xml
C:\Users\Kamil\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Cam3D\CamCapture\bin\Debug\WriteableBitmapEx.Wpf.pdb
C:\Users\Kamil\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Cam3D\CamCapture\bin\Debug\WriteableBitmapEx.Wpf.xml
C:\Users\Kamil\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Cam3D\CamCapture\obj\Debug\CamCapture.dll
C:\Users\Kamil\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Cam3D\CamCapture\obj\Debug\CamCapture.pdb
C:\Users\Kamil\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Cam3D\CamCapture\bin\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.dll
C:\Users\Kamil\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Cam3D\CamCapture\bin\Debug\SharpDX.dll
C:\Users\Kamil\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Cam3D\CamCapture\bin\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.xml
C:\Users\Kamil\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Cam3D\CamCapture\bin\Debug\SharpDX.xml
C:\Users\Kamil\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Cam3D\CamCapture\obj\Debug\CaptureControl.g.cs
C:\Users\Kamil\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Cam3D\CamCapture\obj\Debug\CamCapture_MarkupCompile.cache
C:\Users\Kamil\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Cam3D\CamCapture\obj\Debug\CamCapture_MarkupCompile.lref
C:\Users\Kamil\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Cam3D\CamCapture\obj\Debug\CaptureControl.baml
C:\Users\Kamil\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Cam3D\CamCapture\obj\Debug\CamCapture.g.resources
C:\Users\Kamil\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Cam3D\CamCapture\obj\Debug\CameraChooseControl.g.cs
C:\Users\Kamil\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Cam3D\CamCapture\obj\Debug\CameraChooseControl.baml
d:\copy_c\docs\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Cam3D\CamCapture\bin\Debug\CamCapture.dll
d:\copy_c\docs\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Cam3D\CamCapture\bin\Debug\CamCapture.pdb
d:\copy_c\docs\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Cam3D\CamCapture\bin\Debug\CamControls.dll
d:\copy_c\docs\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Cam3D\CamCapture\bin\Debug\CamCore.dll
d:\copy_c\docs\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Cam3D\CamCapture\bin\Debug\CamImageProcessing.dll
d:\copy_c\docs\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Cam3D\CamCapture\bin\Debug\DirectShowLib-2005.dll
d:\copy_c\docs\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Cam3D\CamCapture\bin\Debug\MathNet.Numerics.dll
d:\copy_c\docs\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Cam3D\CamCapture\bin\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.dll
d:\copy_c\docs\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Cam3D\CamCapture\bin\Debug\SharpDX.dll
d:\copy_c\docs\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Cam3D\CamCapture\bin\Debug\WriteableBitmapEx.Wpf.dll
d:\copy_c\docs\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Cam3D\CamCapture\bin\Debug\CamControls.pdb
d:\copy_c\docs\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Cam3D\CamCapture\bin\Debug\CamCore.pdb
d:\copy_c\docs\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Cam3D\CamCapture\bin\Debug\CamImageProcessing.pdb
d:\copy_c\docs\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Cam3D\CamCapture\bin\Debug\MathNet.Numerics.xml
d:\copy_c\docs\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Cam3D\CamCapture\bin\Debug\SharpDX.xml
d:\copy_c\docs\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Cam3D\CamCapture\bin\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.xml
d:\copy_c\docs\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Cam3D\CamCapture\bin\Debug\WriteableBitmapEx.Wpf.pdb
d:\copy_c\docs\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Cam3D\CamCapture\bin\Debug\WriteableBitmapEx.Wpf.xml
d:\copy_c\docs\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Cam3D\CamCapture\obj\Debug\CamCapture.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
d:\copy_c\docs\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Cam3D\CamCapture\obj\Debug\CameraChooseControl.g.cs
d:\copy_c\docs\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Cam3D\CamCapture\obj\Debug\CaptureControl.g.cs
d:\copy_c\docs\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Cam3D\CamCapture\obj\Debug\CamCapture_MarkupCompile.cache
d:\copy_c\docs\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Cam3D\CamCapture\obj\Debug\CamCapture_MarkupCompile.lref
d:\copy_c\docs\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Cam3D\CamCapture\obj\Debug\CameraChooseControl.baml
d:\copy_c\docs\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Cam3D\CamCapture\obj\Debug\CaptureControl.baml
d:\copy_c\docs\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Cam3D\CamCapture\obj\Debug\CamCapture.g.resources
d:\copy_c\docs\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Cam3D\CamCapture\obj\Debug\CamCapture.dll
d:\copy_c\docs\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Cam3D\CamCapture\obj\Debug\CamCapture.pdb
